c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\BSBWebApplication.dll.config
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\BSBWebApplication.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\BSBWebApplication.pdb
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\obj\Debug\BSBWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\obj\Debug\BSBWebApplication.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\obj\Debug\BSBWebApplication.pdb
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxThemes.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.Mvc5.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Web.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxPivotGrid.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Web.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.SpellChecker.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Charts.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.Resources.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.CodeParser.v16.2.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Web.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxPivotGrid.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Web.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.SpellChecker.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.xml
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxRichEdit.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxScheduler.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpellChecker.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxSpreadsheet.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.ASPxTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Spreadsheet.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\bin\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\obj\Debug\BSBReport.resources
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\obj\Debug\BSBWebApplication.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mansoureh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BSBWebApplication\BSBWebApplication\obj\Debug\BSBWebApplication.dll.licenses
